Fix the bug of nullable scalar generated as object (#6240)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/wanl-pr-fix-allof-object-2025-2-4-12-52-38.md

---
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi3"
---

> Fix the bug of nullable scalar generated as object by using `anyOf` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix union of custom scalar with `null` creating an `object` with `allOf` reference
```
